the title of the report says it all
anatomy of a genocide four words that
sum up the actions of Israeli soldiers
highlighted in findings by the UN
special rapure on occupied Palestinian
territories Israeli soldiers have
published footage boasting about their
killing of families mothers children the
bombing of homes mosques and
schools self-incriminating videos show
them sadistically mocking and human
ating their Palestinian victims not only
by violating their physical integrity
and right to life but also their dignity
line by line the 25-page report reaches
a clear conclusion Israel is in
violation of the UN genocide convention
M disappearance and arbitrary detentions
widespread and systematic torture and
inhumane treatment add to the experience
of endless death and loss desperate
people had to search through Rubble with
their be hands many have been unable to
bury and grieve loved ones the report
offers seven recommendations among them
an immediate arms embargo on Israel
while the briefing in Geneva centered on
Israel's acts of genocide here in New
York the security Council heard from Tor
venison the un's special coordinator for
the Middle East peace process he briefed
the council about Israel's continued
expansion of illegal settle Ms in the
last few
months Israeli authorities demolished
ceased and forced people to demolish 300
structures displacing 314 people
including
137 children France condemned Israel's
announcement last week that it seized
800 hectares in the West
Bank Israeli settlement building is
continuing and even accelerating in the
West Bank France condemns this polic
which is contrary to International laww
it will never recognize the illegal
annexation of territories nor the
legalization of outpost the Israeli
decision on 22nd of March confiscating
800 hectares of land in the West Bank is
unacceptable this is the largest
confiscation of land by Israel in the
occupied Palestinian territories since
osla
Accords France said it is considering
measures in coordination with European
allies against settlers and is planning
to propose an initiative to the security
Council related to a unified Palestinian
State Gabriel aando Al jazer at the
United Nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer